Expand cancellation usability from native trio threads (#2392)
python-trio/trio: docs/source/reference-core.rst

.. literalinclude:: reference-core/from-thread-example.py

.. note::

   The ``from_thread.run*`` functions reuse the host task that called

>    :func:`trio.to_thread.run_sync` to run your provided function in the typical case,
>    namely when ``cancellable=False`` so Trio can be sure that the task will always be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :func:`trio.to_thread.run_sync` to run your provided function, as long as you're
   using the default ``cancellable=False`` so Trio can be sure that the task will remain
```
